Update identity-users.mdx (#149)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx_android/identity-users.mdx

### Prerequisites​

<Admonition type="info" title="NOTE">
  This feature is in closed beta. Contact Helpshift Support team to enable this
  feature.
</Admonition>

- Ensure that the Identity System is enabled for your domain (reach out to Helpshift Support if you wish to enable this)
- Ensure that you have the secret key from Helpshift Dashboard. The secret key can be generated from the “User Identity Verification (New ID System)” section of your app’s settings.

  <Image
    src="/static/books/helpshiftx/dashboard_identity_secret_key.png"
    width="full"
  />

- Ensure that you have an endpoint set up for obtaining user JWTs on-demand. This endpoint should use the secret key generated above to sign the JWT.

### Logging in your end-users

> In order to use the new Identity S ystem, you need to implement the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the new Identity System, you need to implement the following steps:
```
